About the job
Ciena is committed to our people-first philosophy. Our teams enjoy a culture focused on prioritizing a personalized and flexible work environment that empowers an individual’s passions, growth, wellbeing and belonging. We’re a technology company that leads with our humanity—driving our business priorities alongside meaningful social, community, and societal impact.

What will you do at Ciena?

A software designer is required to aid in the development of a Standalone/Server-based/Web based/Cloud based, network design and engineering application for Real Time Network Planning. This application is developed for Ciena’s innovative Blue PlanetTM platform. The application will assist customers in the design and development of Ciena’s market leading and pioneering optical products and technologies.

This application is used to design and deploy Ciena’s Transport, Switching and Packet hardware for Long haul, Regional and Metro networks.

The successful candidate will be expected to follow a disciplined approach for developing high quality application, to the required specifications, and by the required delivery date.

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with a dynamic team of engineers and software designers.

Responsibilities
Analyze, design and Implement the requirement in software to validate and optimize networks, which are crafted based on a variety of parameters.
Apply design principles to work in a client server, microservice-based or desktop based development environment and keeping in mind performance and memory constraints.
Work collaboratively with Product Owners, Product Line Managers (PLM) and Verification team.
Complete assigned development tasks including unit testing and documenting work.
Translate functional requirements into development tasks and provide estimates.
Investigating and debugging of reported issues
Keep yourself abreast with the newest technology trends
General Activities
Work in Agile Scrum and build/update Jira’s with detailed description and acceptance criteria.
Design and Implementation
Unit testing & integration testing.
Work with product verification team in resolving feature defects.
Experience

Candidate should have 2+ years of experience in following:
End-to-end software development (requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing, and support) - Critical
Languages
Dynamic Languages – Python – Critical
Framework – Django - Critical
Knowledge of Dockers, Linux - Desirable
C++ (C++ 11 or later preferred) – Desirable
React.js, Ember.js - Desirable
C#.Net, OOPS - Desirable
Cloud Environment – AWS (Preferred), Azure - Critical
Platform
Linux, MicroServices
Message Queues like Kafka
DB/File Formats/ORM
No SQL Databases e.g. Cassandra
JSON, XML
nHibernate/Hibernate/Entity Framework
Client/Server
REST API, Web Services, SOAP.
Decent Knowledge of Data Structures and exposure to Performance Improvement - Critical
Additional Skills
Problem Solving, Excellent Aptitude and Positive Attitude - Critical
Good Communication Skills - Critical
Good Interpersonal Skills - Critical
Exposure to docker containers - Desired
Experience with Agile software development methodologies – Desired
Familiarity/experience with other technologies, including database design, Client/Server etc. is considered an asset
At Ciena, we are committed to building and fostering an environment in which our employees feel respected, valued, and heard. Ciena values the diversity of its workforce and respects its employees as individuals. We do not tolerate any form of discrimination.

If contacted in relation to a job opportunity, please advise Ciena of any accommodation measures you may require.
About the job
About The Role

Job Description

Numerator is looking for a talented and passionate Python Engineer to join our team. As part of our Insights backend team, you will be building new and improving existing services powering the Insights platform. This is a fast-paced role with high growth, visibility, impact, and where many of the decisions for new projects will be driven by you and your team from inception through production. If you are seeking an environment where you get to do meaningful work with other great engineers, then we want to hear from you!

Requirements

At least 2+ years of experience with Python
Well versed in building the backend logic of web applications
Strong database skills (e.g. MySQL or Postgres)
Solid foundation in designing and developing scalable API’s
Understanding of general web architecture
A Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering or some related discipline, or equivalent experience

Nice to have

Experience with AWS
Experience with multithreaded programming
Comfortable with version control systems
Familiarity with message oriented architectures (Celery, RabbitMQ)
Familiarity with container-orchestration (Kubernetes)

What We Offer You

An inclusive and collaborative company culture
An opportunity to have an impact on our growing teams and organization
Ownership of platforms and environments with industry leading product
Market competitive total compensation package
Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching
Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences and employee resource groups
Regular hackathons to build your own projects and work with people across the entire company

If this sounds like something you would like to be part of, we’d love for you to apply! Don't worry if you think that you don't meet all the qualifications here. The tools, technology, and methodologies we use are constantly changing and we value talent and interest over specific experience.
About the job
Asset Management Newton team provides solutions across key Risk data for Asset & wealth management LOB.

We are looking for an individual (6-10 yrs) who will be responsible for the technical delivery of the strategic Risk platform (DB - Oracle PL/SQL, Python, AWS).

Key Responsibilities

Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Innovate new ways of managing, sourcing, transforming and validating data
Establish and enforce guidelines to ensure consistency, quality and completeness of data assets
Apply quality assurance best practices to all work products
Analyze, design and code business-related solutions, as well as core architectural changes, using an Agile programming approach resulting in software delivered on time and in budget

Requirements

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering or a related field
Deeply passionate about learning and innovating using the latest and greatest in big data engineering, cloud.
Extensive experience in Oracle PL/SQL, SQL Tuning.
Hands on experience in Python Programming.
Experience in cloud application development - AWS
Preferred to have knowledge on big data technologies such as Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Spark.

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
About the job
Must have skills :

Hands on experience with Django, Flask or other Python frameworks
Good understanding of server-side templating languages such as Jinja 2, Mako, etc
Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3
Familiarity with some ORM (Object Relational Mapper) libraries

Good to have skills :

Excellent interpersonal, organizational, written communication, oral communication and listening skills
Should come up with the work estimation and should provide inputs to managers on resource and risk planning.
Ability to coordinate with SMEs , stakeholders, manage timelines, escalation & provide on time status

Qualification :
Must have 4+ years of experience.

Location :
Bangalore
Hyderabad
About the job
Python Developer(Fully Remote-Fulltime Contractual)

Turing is the career platform for 1.1M+ engineers around the world. Our mission is to unleash the world’s untapped human potential. We use machine learning and automation to source and match exceptional software engineers from around the world to top U.S. and Silicon Valley companies for remote developer positions.

We’re headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and are a remote-first company with 500+ strong team members.
We have raised a total of $140 Million at a $1.1B valuation (T).
We have grown > 10x in the last year.
Turing has been featured in America's best start-up employers by Forbes, 2021 and in the Top 10 most innovative workplace companies by Fast Company, 2021.
Turing’s customers include Microsoft, Twitter, Airbnb, Lyft, PayPal, and hundreds of other Fortune 500 companies and fast-growing start-ups.

Job Description-
Our client A US-based company on a mission to ensure the power of AI technology benefits all mankind is looking for a Python Developer. The selected candidate will be working on designing and developing optimized solutions and implementing them. The company is leveraging highly autonomous systems and APIs that can be applied to any language task to handle millions of production requests per day. The company has secured nearly $1bn in funds so far.
Job Responsibilities:
Work with problem-solving to handle complex situations with ease
Write high-quality and optimal code in Python
Provide clear explanations of the thought process/logic while writing codes in Jupyter notebooks
Debugging and creating the necessary documentation
Perform peer review of code and provide feedback
Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
At least 3+ years of relevant experience as a software engineer
At least 3+ years of experience in Python programming
Ability to solve problems and think critically
Fluent in spoken and written English
Required: Python-4Yrs +
Location: India (Fully Remote)
*Note-Please attach your resume in the English Language.

Great benefits of joining Turing:
Amazing work culture (Super collaborative & supportive work environment; 5 days a week)
Awesome colleagues (Surround yourself with top talent from Meta, Google, LinkedIn etc. as well as people with deep start-up experience)
Competitive compensation in US$
Expect fast career growth (High growth unicorn firm)
Flexible work timings
Full-time remote opportunity

Company Link- https://www.turing.com/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/turingcom/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/turingcom?lang=en
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLfxdtB3H0JdnniBnd4DoN
hturing.com

Turing - Hire Remote Developers | Top 1% of 1 Million+ software engineers
Turing.com - Hire Remote Developers | Silicon Valley caliber software engineers | Remote U.S. developer jobs | Full-stack, mobile, frontend, backend DevOps, AI/ML. (47 kB)
https://www.turing.com/
etwitter.com
Turing - Spin Up Your Engineering Dream Team (@turingcom) | Twitter
The latest Tweets from Turing - Spin Up Your Engineering Dream Team (@turingcom). Spin up your engineering dream team. Turing’s Intelligent Talent Cloud uses A.I. to source, vet, match & manage one million+ devs worldwide. Palo Alto, CA

`
About the job
Must have skills
Automation – 70%
Manual – 30%
Oops Concepts
Networking
Python Coding
Linux
Robot test framework or Python Test framework
Role and Responsibility:
1. Develop test cases for the given requirements and design
2. Execute test cases
3. Work independently as much as possible
4. Help and guide entry level team members
5. Report road blocks, design issues, etc to Team Lead
6. Report status of tasks daily
About the job
Position: Python Developer
Job Location -Bangalore , Hyderabad, Delhi NCR
Experience required : 3+ years of experience

Skill set:
Python Programming
Exposure to Object Oriented Programming and software design concepts
Web/App Server – IIS /Tomcat Apache/JBoss
Web Services (SOAP / REST)
XML / XSLT / JSON / REGEX
PostgreSQL / MS SQL / MySQL
Exposure to Unix / Linux environments
Good understanding of TCP/IP & Networking concepts
Exposure to Virtualization domain (VMware or OpenStack)
Expertise working in IDE environments like Eclipse
Experience in all phases of software development lifecycle and software lifecycle tools
Hands-on development experience is must

Method to Apply:
Share updated CV with below required details at neharika.dubey@tcs.com

EP number if already registered in iBegin portal/ Registered email id if don’t remember EP number:
Full Name:
Email ID:
Contact number:
Total experience:
Current Payroll company:
Current location:
Preferred Job Locations:
Notice period( Please specify LWD if serving notice) :
CTC:
Expected CTC:
Offers in hand(with salary details):
Please specify if any gap in between education and employment:
Highest Fulltime education:
University/institute name of Highest education:

Note:
EX-TCS(Fulltime employee) Dont Apply
Candidates with less than 3 years of experience will not be considered.
